add docs for call recording (#8)
fixie-ai/ultradox: docs/src/content/docs/api/calls.mdx

## Create Call
<Badge text="POST /calls" variant="success" size="large" />

> Creates a new call using the specified system prompt. API key scoped.

Reviewer: What does "API key scoped" mean?

Optional parameters can be used to specify voice, temperature, language hint, and recordingEnabled.

> An optional query parameter called `priorCallId` can be provided to continue an existing call (AKA resume a call).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional query parameter called `priorCallId` can be provided to continue a previous conversation.
```

This **does not** continue an existing call (which would make billing challenging). It still creates a new call, just using all the optional properties and message history from the prior call unless overridden.

#### Parameters
<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="Parameters">
    <table class="w-full">
      <tr class="w-full">
        <th class="w-1/12"></th>
        <th class="w-1/12"></th>
        <th class="w-10/12"></th>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="font-mono">priorCallId</td>
        <td>string</td>

>         <td>The UUID of an existing call. If provided, the new call will inherit all call properties (unless overridden in the current request body). The prior call's message history will be used in place of `initialMessages`. Setting `initialMessages` in the body is not allowed.</td>

Reviewer 2: We should make it clear that the other values (system prompt, etc) will also be carried over but can be overwritten

Author: beefed up text above to make it more clear.

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Get Call Recording
<Badge text="GET /calls/{uuid}/recording" variant="note" size="large" />

> Returns a link to the recording of the call (via a 302 redirect to the file location).

Reviewer 2: What if the recording isn't ready yet?

Author: @mdepinet what happens if the recording isn't ready? how long does it take to generate?

Reviewer: Typically if the recording isn't ready it will be because the call hasn't ended yet.  We stream out the recording, so it should be ready within milliseconds of the call ending.  But regardless, we return a 425 (Too Early) if the recording isn't ready.

Author: thx

      <tr>
        <th class="w-1/12"></th>
        <th class="w-1/12"></th>
        <th class="w-10/12"></th>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="font-mono">detail</td>
        <td>string</td>
        <td>Only returned if call recording was not enabled. If a recording was enabled, there is no response body and the call recording location is provided via a 302 redirect.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="font-mono">previous</td>
        <td>string</td>
        <td>URL with the cursor value for the previous page of results.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="font-mono">results</td>
        <td>array</td>
        <td>Array of message objects. Each message object contains:</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="font-mono text-sm">ordinal</td>
        <td>number</td>
        <td>Ordinal position of the message. Used to determine sequence.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="font-mono text-sm">role</td>
        <td>string</td>
        <td>Role that generated the message. Corresponds to one of the following: `USER` or `ASSISTANT`.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="font-mono text-sm">text</td>
        <td>string</td>

>         <td>The message text.</td>

Reviewer: What's all this?

Author: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a5cdad89-d646-4f47-b620-7b7c412d2dab)
displays tabs for Params/Req Body/Res Body like this image

Reviewer: Right, but I meant where did all these response parameters come from?  Aside from maybe detail in error cases, none of these exist.

Author: ah i see. that was copy/paste from List Call Messages 🤦 removing...
